okay so today we're going to be unboxing
a pretty cool new product from Logitech
this is the logitech gaming keyboard
g110 so this is a brand new product in
their gaming keyboard line which started
with the g15
and the most recent edition was the g 19
with a full-color LCD display up near
the top but this one actually brings
some pretty cool new features to the
table so first of all you've got custom
color backlighting so this particular G
keyboard can do either blue red or a
mixture of the two so you end up with
kind of like a purple cool purple
backlight okay it can also do
programmable G keys just like all of the
other G keyboards now you can see it's a
bit of an improvement over the last
generation value keyboard which was the
G 11 actually no it's not really an
improvement that way okay well you've
got 12 G keys over on the left side here
which is better than the g15 Gen 2 at
any rate the one that I have on my desk
which only has six okay and then the
last thing and this is really neat
unique to this model is the integrated
USB audio so this keyboard actually has
an integrated USB sound card that can
process audio so you can just plug your
mic and headset directly into the
keyboard very cool you can have a look
at the back it seems like they're
basically covering the same basic
features of this keyboard that we've
already talked about here oh the last
thing is that you've got a high speed
USB 2.0 port so unlike a lot of the
older G Series keyboards which used USB
1.1 connectivity for their ports are for
their hubs this one uses USB 2.0 okay so
inside you will find the keyboard and I
usually like to see the accessories
first so why don't we have a quick look
underneath wow that is pretty much it
okay so we have a wrist rest alright
which looks identical as far as I can
tell to the remote it's a little bit
different okay so we have a wrist rest
they've lost kind of the rubberized feel
to it and it's more of a plastic which
you may or may not prefer that I think
it's just more of a personal taste thing
than anything
else and let's get the keyboard itself
out of here oh you've got a QuickStart
guide okay then you have some important
information clearly labeled it this is
important okay so it's probably your
warranty and ergonomics you know don't
use it and and and hurt your wrist okay
they've got they want you to tell us
what you think of their product okay
then you've got a driver CD download the
latest drivers from Logitech calm that
is the best way to go about things all
right so if I can just figure out how
this baggie works oh that's clever it
has like a little slit in it for the
okay let's attach the wrist rest here so
you can see the wrist rest is actually
quite large compared to the rest of the
keyboard and compared to the previous
gen ones it clips on in much the same
way so you just clip it in from the
bottom just like that yeah okay actually
it's a little bit trickier to put in the
other ones I hope it's more durable
because I've managed to break a couple
of these already okay so let's put this
down on my desk I apologize for the
state of my desk today we would have
used the camera man's really but I
didn't actually think of it and I
already installed the drivers for the
g110 on my computer so the cord is a
reasonable length okay you're not going
to be reaching a computer in a
completely different room or anything
like that but you're also not going to
have any difficulty plugging it into the
back of your PC okay let's go through
the general layout of the keyboard
itself here then so you've got your G
keys on the side here and one M 2 and M
3 are three different presets for your G
keys so you can actually program in up
to 12 times 3 so whatever that is 24 36
different functionalities here depending
which one of these is activated then
you've got a fairly standard keyboard
layout they've changed I think they're
using the same key switches as the new G
19 that I can't tell for sure to be
perfectly honest it's not the same as
the g15 Gen 2 though I can feel that
much okay up here we have game mode
versus windows mode so basically all
that does is it deactivates your Windows
key here we have headset off mic off or
on presumably here we have a color
change
oh no this would be the brightness
settings for your keyboard and then over
here we have your multimedia buttons so
play stop back forward mute and then a
volume wheel so that is pretty cool and
the the key feature here the cool one is
the integrated USB audio port so this is
your headphones this is your mic and
then this is a USB 2.0 port which you
can use for your mouse or for a thumb
drive or whatever else it is now the
cameraman is going to do some close-ups
on the keyboard while I crawl over the
desk and plug this thing in so that we
can have a look at the backlighting and
such okay there we go now I've
pre-installed the drivers off the
Logitech website and you can see it's
actually cycling through the colors
right now which is kind of cool it
settled on purple if I give you enough
shade here can you see them yeah you can
see that that looks pretty neat so
there's a few different rightness
settings so there's off dim oh no it
doesn't have that okay okay either way
very cool and I guess that's pretty much
it isn't isn't it thank you for checking
out my unboxing of the g1 10 gaming
keyboard